Release: 2.8.1 (#8646)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

- Only reschedule router and plugin iterator timers after finishing previous
  execution, avoiding unnecessary concurrent executions.
  [#8634](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/8634)
- Implements conditional rebuilding of router, plugins iterator and balancer on
  data planes. This means that DPs will not rebuild router if there were no
  changes in routes or services. Similarly, the plugins iterator will not be

>   rebuild if there were no changes to plugins, and finally balancer in not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rebuilt if there were no changes to plugins, and, finally, the balancer will not be
```
